test: use flaky decorator for flaky OSX/Win tests (#5623)
conda/conda-build: news/5623-flaky-tests.rst

### Other

> * Introduced the ``flaky`` decorator for tests that fail at random. (#5623)

Author: ```suggestion
* Added the ``flaky`` mark for some OSX tests that fail at random. (#5623)
```
